# NapiWay - New API Generation Way

NapiWay is a powerful tool for generating API clients and servers from a Custom Specification file. It supports multiple programming languages and is framework-agnostic, making it easy to integrate into your existing projects.

## Rules

- The specification file must be in YAML format.
- The tool supports generating code for multiple languages, currently Go and TypeScript.
- The "name" fields in the specification file must be PascalCase always. That is, the first letter of each word should be capitalized without spaces or underscores. Anywhere you have to name something, use PascalCase.
- The generated code is end-to-end generated by NapiWay, and manual modifications are discouraged to maintain consistency.
- For PATH PARAMS, the parameter name in the path should be in this format: `{paramName}`. For example, if you have a path parameter named `userId`, it should be represented as `{userId}` in the path, and in the transportName field of the pathParam definition as well. This is since the net/http request parsing in Go and the URL replacement in TypeScript both expect path parameters to be in this format.

## Generated Files

### Go Lang

#### Requirements
- Install goimports by running the command:
  ```bash
  go install golang.org/x/tools/cmd/goimports@latest
  ```

#### Server Generation

When generating a Go server, models and helper functions for the specified API endpoints are generated. The generated code will be saved in the specified output directory.

The generated files:
- `helpers.go` -> Contains the Per-Endpoint Request DecodeAndValidate functions for the API endpoints.
- `models.go` -> Contains the models for request and per-status response bodies.

#### Client SDK Generation

Go Client SDK Generation generates client code for the specified API endpoints. The generated code will be saved in the specified output directory.

The generated files:
- `client.go` -> Contains the client struct and methods for calling the API endpoints.
- `models.go` -> Contains the models for request and per-status response bodies.
- `go.mod` -> The Go module file for the generated SDK.
- `.gitignore` -> The gitignore file for the generated SDK.
- `README.md` -> The readme file for the generated SDK.

### TypeScript

#### Client SDK Generation

TypeScript Client SDK Generation generates client code for the specified API endpoints. The generated code will be saved in the specified output directory.

The generated files:
- `client.ts` -> Contains the client class and methods for calling the API endpoints.
- `models.ts` -> Contains the models for request and per-status response bodies.
- `package.json` -> The npm package file for the generated SDK.
- `tsconfig.json` -> The TypeScript configuration file for the generated SDK.
- `.gitignore` -> The gitignore file for the generated SDK.
- `README.md` -> The readme file for the generated SDK.